README.md, before:

# Introduction To ORMs For DBAs

This is a talk I gave at [SQL Saturday 710](http://www.sqlsaturday.com/710/eventhome.aspx) that introduced DBAs to Object-Relational Mappers.  This is an enhanced version of my lighting talk that you can find by reverting this repository to the [SqlSaturdayLightingTalk tag](https://github.com/saturdaymp/IntroductionToORMForDBAs/tree/SqlSaturdayLightingTalk).  You can find the slides, my notes, and ruff draft of the current version of the talk [here](Slides).  

In the [source](Source) folder you will find sub-folders for the various stages of the demo.  The demo is creating a simple web application to track games friends are playing and figure out who has the best win/lose ratio.  It is a ASP.NET MVC Core 2.0 application and should run anywhere you can install .NET Core.  Also inculded is a docker compose file to stand up a SQL Server database.

If you have any construtive feedback, a question, or spotted a bug please let me know by opening an [issue](https://github.com/saturdaymp/IntroductionToORMForDBAs/issues).

# Acknoledgements
Thank you to [Edmonton PASS](http://edmpass.pass.org/) for letting me speak at a SQL Saturday.

Commit message:

Added link to blog posts of the presentation.

README.md, after:

# Introduction To ORMs For DBAs

This is a talk I gave at [SQL Saturday 710](http://www.sqlsaturday.com/710/eventhome.aspx) that introduced DBAs to Object-Relational Mappers.  This is an enhanced version of my lighting talk that you can find by reverting this repository to the [SqlSaturdayLightingTalk tag](https://github.com/saturdaymp/IntroductionToORMForDBAs/tree/SqlSaturdayLightingTalk).  You can find a write-up of the talk in blog format [here](https://nftb.saturdaymp.com/tag/introduction-to-orms-for-dbas/).

In the [source](Source) folder you will find sub-folders for the various stages of the demo.  The demo is creating a simple web application to track games friends are playing and figure out who has the best win/lose ratio.  It is a ASP.NET MVC Core 2.0 application and should run anywhere you can install .NET Core.  Also inculded is a docker compose file to stand up a SQL Server database.

If you have any construtive feedback, a question, or spotted a bug please let me know by opening an [issue](https://github.com/saturdaymp/IntroductionToORMForDBAs/issues).

# Acknoledgements
Thank you to [Edmonton PASS](http://edmpass.pass.org/) for letting me speak at a SQL Saturday.
